vault/Writings Index.md, before:

---
dg-publish: true
---
# An Index for my Writings
___

This page serves as an index of all the writings published on this website.

Unless otherwise stated:
- **Written content** on this site is dedicated to the public domain under **CC0 (Creative Commons Zero)**. You are free to use, adapt, modify, and share these writings without restriction.
- **Software projects or code** mentioned or published within these writings are licensed separately under the **MIT License**, unless a different license is explicitly noted.

**Exceptions:**  
CC0 does **not** apply to content that I have quoted, adapted, or incorporated from other sources. Such posts are clearly marked with the **#Non-CC0** tag. Please ensure you have the appropriate rights before reusing that material.

For example: _[[A Compilation of the Verses I Love]]_

___
## Notes
1. [[LFS101 Course Notes]]
## Technical Blogs
1. [[Building a CHIP8 Emulator in Rust]]
2. [[How I Rice my GNU-Linux Desktop]]
## Hobbies
1. [[A Compilation of the Verses I Love]]

Commit message:

writings-index: describe hyperlink for CC0, add Internal for Debian Knowledge Base

vault/Writings Index.md, after:

---
dg-publish: true
---
# An Index for my Writings
___

This page serves as an index of all the writings published on this website.

Unless otherwise stated:
- **Written content** on this site is dedicated to the public domain under **CC0 (Creative Commons Zero)**. You are free to use, adapt, modify, and share these writings without restriction.
- **Software projects or code** mentioned or published within these writings are licensed separately under the **MIT License**, unless a different license is explicitly noted.

**Exceptions:**  
CC0 does **not** apply to content that I have quoted, adapted, or incorporated from other sources. Such posts are clearly marked with the #Non-CC0 tag. Please ensure you have the appropriate rights before reusing that material. For more information, see [Creative Commons - CC0](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/)

For example: _[[A Compilation of the Verses I Love]]_

___
## Internal Notes
1. [[LFS101 Course Notes]]
2. [[Debian Knowledge Base]]
## Technical Blogs
1. [[Building a CHIP8 Emulator in Rust]]
2. [[How I Rice my GNU-Linux Desktop]]
## Hobbies
1. [[A Compilation of the Verses I Love]]
